Updated docs to include Benchmark, Compare, and  Data Source keyword (#1670)
disorderedmaterials/dissolve: web/docs/userguide/modules/forcefield/epsr/_index.md

|`Weighting`|`double`|`1.9`|Factor used when adding fluctuation coefficients to pair potentials|
|`OverwritePotentials`|`bool`|`false`|Overwrite potentials each time rather than summing them|

### Additional R-Factors

|Keyword|Arguments|Default|Description|
|:------|:-------:|:-----:|-----------|

> |`ErrorRanges`|`double`<br/>`double`|--|Minumum and maximum range bounds over which to calculate the RFactor error.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`ErrorRanges`|`double`<br/>`double`|--|Specify an additional range (minumum and maximum Q) over which to calculate the RFactor error.|
```
